ORC-1409: [Docs] Add stream order description in ORC spec. (#1465)
apache/orc: site/specification/ORCv2.md

record for the dictionary and the entire dictionary must be read even
if only part of a stripe is being read.

Note that for columns with multiple streams, the order of these

> streams is **fixed**, which is different from data stream we mentioned above.

Reviewer: Seems the doc has a line limit that we need to follow.

> Note that for columns with multiple streams, the order of these
> streams is **fixed**, which is different from data stream we mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for columns with multiple streams, the order of stream
positions in the RowIndex is **fixed**, which may be different to
the actual data stream placement.
```

Reviewer: We should also mention that the order is the same as what `Column Encodings` section has described for each column type.

Author: It looks resonable and will add more description/remove the chart.

The following table shows the order of types that contain multiple streams:

 Type      | The First Postion Stream Type   | The Second Postion Stream Type | Contents        |
:----------|:--------------------------------|:-------------------------------|:----------------|
| Binary    | DATA                            | LENGTH                         |                 |
| String    | DATA                            | LENGTH                         | Direct encoding |
| Decimal   | DATA                            | SECONDARY                      |                 |

> | Timestamp | DATA                            | SECONDARY                      |                 |

Reviewer: This table is duplicated to what `Column Encodings` has described. And here it doesn't include PRESENT stream. I'd prefer to remove this.

Author: Done
